Minor typo fix (#50)
reHackable/awesome-reMarkable: README.md

- [reMarkable-assistant](https://github.com/richeymichael/remarkable-assistant) - Manage templates, splash screens, and settings on your reMarkable tablet.
- [reMarkable_entware](http://github.com/evidlo/remarkable_entware) - Package manager for reMarkable.  Install common Unix utilities through the command line.
- [reMarkable-fs](https://github.com/nick8325/remarkable-fs) - A FUSE filesystem wrapper for the reMarkable tablet.

> - [reMarkable-hyutilities](https://github.com/moovida/remarkable-hyutilities) - A GUI written in java to backup your device, upload templates and modify splash screens.

Reviewer: While you're at it, consider also these changes:

```suggestion
- [reMarkable-hyutilities](https://github.com/moovida/remarkable-hyutilities) - A GUI written in Java to back up your device, upload templates and modify splash screens.
```

([reference](https://en.wiktionary.org/wiki/backup#Verb) for "backup" vs "back up")
